The Joe Rogan experience. I, uh,
I started my immigration process when he got elected. Oh no,
it's, it's, it's been a trip. You know.
How does that work?
Like if you are a Mexican born citizen and you want to become a United States
citizen, obviously it's very.
Difficult, but so married to an American, having an American kid.
That's how I went through the process myself. And, uh, you know,
I got a green card. Um, the, the thing is that when he got elected,
everybody said, you know what?
Maybe our time to get a green card is going to get be less and less.
So let's all try and get one.
So what would take normally six months to two years. Oh, wow.
So those two years you can't leave the country.
So if you w what happens to people that are illegal, that's, what's up about it,
right? So like, there's people that came over here illegally 20, 30 years ago,
and they've done no crimes. They've been an integral part of society.
They've had great lives, but they, they can't pay taxes. They can't vote.
They have to live undercover.
Yeah. I mean, that's stupid. They're they're, uh, you know, and they do provide,
you know, they do provide, they pay taxes through other.
Sales tax, buying things, but they're not paying taxes. They're not,
but if you made them citizens, you would make money. Yeah.
Well, it's not a popular view.
It's a stupid view. It's just,
it's stupid that we have these people and they're permanent illegals and they
will be here until they die illegally. And we know they're here. Like,
how about work with what you've got? Look,
you've already do you do in your best to stop the border traffic. Great.
Fantastic. But listen, let's just forget about the past. These people are here,
they're here and they're a part of our community. Like, how are you,
how are you going to deny them citizenship to the day they die?
And they're still here.
Well, legal immigration. And it's like, I went through is hard enough.
You got to find some American lady that's just difficult.
Yeah, I did. You know, and, uh, you know, but it,
it was a hard process. Uh it's uh, it's, it's, it's a difficult process.
And you speak fluent English.
I, yes. That's another thing. I saw people in the line with me, uh,
you know, that did not speak a lick of English,
but they were from a country that had a quota and, uh.
Like Holland or some from.
A country that has a quota. But you don't, you're not, you're not.
Car for Canadians, man.
I have friends from Canada that come over here to try to become citizens.
It's a grind.
Yeah. And, and, and, and don't get me wrong. I love this country a bit.
I'm new here. And I like what I see.
I don't like where it's going in some places, what don't you like? Uh,
I don't like, I mean,
I left my country because I couldn't defend myself from the bad people out.
There who the second.
Amendment second amendment.
Is. It's a beautiful thing. You have no idea how beautiful that thing is.
Tell you don't have an option to have it. That's one thing, uh,
I like the opportunities this country provides. I've had a lot of opportunities.
I would never get anywhere else. I like to actually work and work your,
the work you put in matters here. Um, I like, uh,
I like how it's segmented in different.
You go to Tennessee and you meet people out there and they're great people,
you know, there's some, you know,
people have preconceived notions of what some part of the countries are,
but I've loved it.
And then you go to California and you meet people that are on the same boat as I
was. And they're forgot completely what Mexico is.
And they're completely Americanized Americanized.
And they're completely against you as a new, as a new person here. Yeah.
So you find that re like Americanized Mexicans or, or, or like second,
third generation Mexicans, a word.
First enemy of a Mexican is another Mexican. That's that classic.
That's a classic, that's a classic Mexican saying. And it's true. That's.
A classic Mexican saying that really.
Most of the negativity, negativity I got from being on your show,
the first time was from Latinos, specifically, Mexican Latinos.
What was the negativity? What was their criticism?
Uh, when I talked about how Mexicans protested,
the caravans going through Tijuana and wrecking their city,
that was viewed as extreme to the right or conservative viewpoint
apparently.
But yeah, but that was a fact.
But yeah, the apparently facts don't matter. Oh.
Oh, that's so silly. But that's people, that's, that's a good,
that's a good example of people that are not there to talking about it.
You're not saying you didn't make a value judgment saying that those people
coming through were protested by Mexicans needed to go back to wherever rice
Patty they come from. You didn't say any of that.
No. So th so this is what I saw when I, when I talked about it, uh,
because I experienced it. I wasn't, uh,
I was in TJ for a while when that was happening. Byron caravan goes through,
obviously a lot of those guys were gang members.
A lot of them were not all of them. A lot of them were covering tattoos.
It's pretty hot outside wearing all the Wharton goodies cameras came by the
females and the children won't be in,
put in front parade in front of the media to anybody who was there.
You could see the circus that was going on.
And then a lot of the, a lot of the, uh, camp encampments,
they would, they would, you know, litter,
the encampments would needle on the outside.
One of them was next to a school that had to be closed down.
A niece of mine had a kid in there,
and the school had to be closed down because it was next to one of these
encampments. They would protest and close down lanes.
Most people that live in TJ, uh, some of them are Americans and they commute.
So that's affecting their livelihood. You know,
people that work on tourism and TJ white liquid went down.
So the fact that these people came in and disrupted all that whole thing,
and then you would see these, uh, Californian,
hippy Americans guys come down there and do puppet shows for these people and
handover, uh, donations in the form of canned food blankets and stuff like that.
And then you would see these guys go to the back door and sell all that stuff in
the back and just get money for whatever they were going to get the money for.
We would laugh at it, but it also, you know,
it's pretty disheartening having that point of view online because I started
posting some of this stuff online for people. This is what's happening.
And that was like, no, no, no. You're going against the narrative narrative.
Yeah. The narrative and the, and the people that are talking about you going,
yes. The narrative, really no idea. They don't care about the truth. That's,
what's crazy. The absolute.
There's a thing. So if you're against,
if you're against this caravan going through Tijuana and effecting your you're
probably a Trump supporter. That's that's, and I'm like this simple,
I can't even vote here yet.
You don't have to be a full citizen to vote so that it doesn't even factor in
on.
Oh, God. It's so crazy. What else about America bothers you?
Uh, I think, uh,
there's,
there's definitely this tendency in America that I see the youth in America,
like, uh, like, um, I have,
I have a weird mental comparison of seeing my nephews down there,
playing soccer, um, going out and getting into trouble, uh,
going to cockfights, which is probably pretty dangerous,
but they go to cockfight, stuff like that.
And I see kids up here on their tablet, you know, playing games.
Playing video games.
Uh, getting offended by something, you know, down there.
You can still punch somebody in the face. If they get into your face in school.
You're allowed to do that in school. I mean.
There's, there's going to be some issues, but it's fine. You know, there's,
there's still that, you know, up here, it's gone. All of that's gone.
You're going to get into some issues,
probably going to get out of school or something. You know, you see this weird.
Classification of American children, safe spaces.
Don't say that that's politically incorrect.
It's a good word for it.
What's the police come up with a politically correct word for that.
That has just as much kick and I'll use that.
And I know.
They can't, it doesn't exist. It's the pussification.
Yeah. I mean, and, and w when I came up here,
like the first year I was up here, uh,
I saw the California gun laws change.
Like I got to see the weird California compliant rifles come to the
range and you have to push a button to release the magazine and.
Yeah. And make it more difficult to reload. Yeah.
So strange. Well, I mean, if, if, if, if, uh,
I've never seen a California compliant gun in the hands of a criminal myself.
Right. So why, why are the good, like the good citizens falling along?
Yeah. The idea that you're just kind of handicap law, abiding citizen citizens,
and that's going to somehow, or another save lives in mass shootings.
And here's the other thing about you, and I'm waiting for this to happen,
but it's just not happening.
They're never addressing people using psychotropic drugs. They're not,
they don't address that. All those school shooters,
all those mass shooters are all on drugs.
They're all on some kind of psych drugs. And there's,
there's no mention of it whatsoever. Like what,
what is the action of these things?
It's all about the guns and the guns are a huge issue. I mean,
the fact that these people who are up and yeah, they,
that they have access and they can get access to these guns and they can wind up
shooting people. Yes. That is one issue. Security is another issue.
There's another issue and that's mental health. And this,
that to me is the biggest one, because without the mental health issue,
you don't get.
Yeah. Shooters.
And that's a interesting thing we do when I get people in conversations about
the violence in Mexico and, uh, perspective,
Mexico cartel guys, you know, go into a town, shoot up a bunch of people.
And it's pretty horrible. Uh, but on the Mexican side,
we only had one school shooting, uh, that like a notable one. Right.
And it was mentally old kid when you took a gun to school. Right.
And as Mexicans,
we look at what happens in the U S in schools and we're horrified by it.
That's like completely, you know, horrific, not amazing.
It's again, being on both sides. I'm just trying to figure things.
I knew about pharmaceuticals being prescribed to children in Mexico.
Is it similar.
At all? I mean, w we're still behind in some, in some instances,
as far as you know, I didn't know about PTSD.
So I came up here or TBI, right? Yeah. I didn't know anything about that.
When did you learn about.
TBI? When I started talking about.
We should say what that is a post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain
injuries for people. Like.
I learned about it.
I learned about it from talking to most of my Marine friends that were coming
back from there. Like he had,
like what you're describing that you're feeling sounds like TBI. Really? Yeah.
You should get yourself checked out and then you go down there. I was like, ah,
you know, things would happen. And people would get, you know,
get a few days off, take a few shots of tequila. You're fine.
Get back at it.
Well, that's the old school mentality. I mean,
that's what they deal with in world war two and Vietnam and.
Yeah, but you've got, I mean, when it comes to that,
but mental health down in Mexico, there's like, it's not, it's not anywhere.
As far as medicating it, kids being diagnosed with things like autism.
Autism is a thing that I only recently kind of heard about 15 years ago
in Mexico.
In Mexico. And what about, um,
anti-psychotic drugs and all these different drugs that you're seeing,
that these, a lot of these.
School shooters are taking in Mexico. It's not a thing. Uh, you know,
people think that it's pretty permissive in Mexico. They can get any drug.
If you pay somebody off. The thing is that a lot of these, uh,
psychiatric level they're, they're not,
they're not available down there where people there, you can go to them.
They're like, what do you want now? This is not available here.
So it's not a part of the cultural, it's not a.
Park. No, no. Yeah.
In America, it's such a huge part of the culture that people want,
that people are constantly wanting to take something to take the edge off or
take something so they could feel better or take something to, you know,
to just to alter their state. And the doctor will prescribe it to them.
And then the pharmaceutical drug companies are just raking in the cash from it.
So it just becomes a part of reality.